Allow multiple injection sources per species (#4196)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

    When ``<species_name>.xmin`` and ``<species_name>.xmax`` are set, they delimit the region within which particles are injected.
    If periodic boundary conditions are used in direction ``i``, then the default (i.e. if the range is not specified) range will be the simulation box, ``[geometry.prob_hi[i], geometry.prob_lo[i]]``.

* ``<species_name>.injection_sources`` (``list of strings``) optional
    Names of additional injection sources. By default, WarpX assumes one injection source per species, hence all of the input
    parameters below describing the injection are parameters directly of the species. However, this option allows
    additional sources, the names of which are specified here. For each source, the name of the source is added to the
    input parameters below. For instance, with ``<species_name>.injection_sources = source1 source2`` there can be the two input
    parameters ``<species_name>.source1.injection_style`` and ``<species_name>.source2.injection_style``.
    For the parameters of each source, the parameter with the name of the source will be used.

>     If it is not given, the value of the parameter without the source name will be used. This allows parameters used for all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If ``<species_name>.injection_sources`` is not given, the value of the parameter without the source name will be used. This allows parameters used for all
```
